bpo-40833: Clarify docstring of Path.rename (#20554)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pathlib.rst

      >>> target.open().read()
      'some text'

   The target path may be either absolute or relative. If given a relative

>    path, it'll be relative to the current working directory, *not* the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   path, it will be relative to the current working directory, *not* the
```

The abbreviation would make it harder for a non native speaker to understand.

   directory that the file is in.

> 

Reviewer 2: Perhaps a bit more concise?

"The target path may be absolute or relative. Relative paths are interpreted relative to the current working directory, \*not\* the directory of the Path object."

Author: Done.

   instance pointing to *target*.  If *target* points to an existing file or
   directory, it will be unconditionally replaced.

   The target path may be either absolute or relative. If given a relative

>    path, it'll be relative to the current working directory, *not* the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   path, it will be relative to the current working directory, *not* the
```
